Document mentorship and outreach programs, including LFX mentorship (#135)
keptn/community: mentorship/lfx-mentorship/README.md

# Keptn on LFX Mentorship

[![LFX Mentorship](https://img.shields.io/badge/Profile-LFX%20Mentrorship-blue)](https://mentorship.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/project/ba41187f-fa8d-47e1-8046-4040e5b35b73)
[![Channel on Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-%23advocacy--and--outreach-green)](https://keptn.sh/community/#slack)

The Keptn community can host mentorship and outreach programs using 
[LFX Mentorship](https://lfx.linuxfoundation.org/tools/mentorship/).

## Scope

> We can run projects there on ad-hoc basis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can run LFX projects on an ad-hoc basis,
```

> barring we have mentors and budgets available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assuming we have mentors and budgets available.
```
